hey guys welcome back to the Sunday
project with me Jaclyn
tonight we're cooking up some bibimbap
vegetarian bibimbap this recipe calls
for a lot of prep nothing too crazy just
a lot of chopping so get the troops
together and have a fun night in making
this yummy meal before we get cooking
chop up some to cover carrot mushroom
and radish in to simcha sh sticks make
them all roughly the same size then chop
up some tofu into cubes now let's
marinate your tofu in some sesame oil
ginger and lemon juice as usual all the
ingredients will be in my website the
sundae project M then marinate the
cucumber and apple cider vinegar water
honey chili flakes and salt now for the
assembly after all that prep this is the
easy part if you have some hotpot bowls
for bibimbap use those if not a regular
pot works just fine place your hot pot
over the stove and fill it two-thirds of
the way up with rice we're using
leftover brown rice but you can easily
use whatever you have on hand then bring
some water to a boil and quickly boil
the carrots this part is optional you
could really just throw all these in raw
and it would still taste delicious
distribute the carrots into your hot
pots now fry up some lettuce and again
distribute
and then do the same for your radishes
now fry up your mushrooms and again
distribute see I told you this part was
easy throw in some chopped mangoes for
sweetness and kimchi for spice and then
comes the marinated tofu and cucumbers
don't waste that yummy gingery juice
either throw that right in and to top it
all off fry up an egg and slap that on
sprinkle some sesame seeds on top and if
you like it really hot don't forget the
gochujang if going veggie isn't your
thing you can easily add some thin
slices of lightly fried pork to this and
it would still work really well but I
promise you this dish is so flavorful
and filling you really wouldn't miss the
meat now after all your hard work
chopping and throwing things into your
hot pot it's time to dig in and enjoy